Update Accumulo Tour Source Code (#255)
apache/accumulo-website: tour/authorizations.md

title: Authorizations
---

> [Authorizations] are a set of strings that enable a user to read protected data. Users are granted authorizations

Reviewer: It's probably fine to preserve the uppercase for these, since we literally mean `String` in Java. It might help to use syntax highlighting in Markdown whenever we reference a specific class (singular or plural), such as:

```suggestion
[Authorizations] are a set of `String`s that enable a user to read protected data. Users are granted authorizations
```

  client.securityOperations().createLocalUser("commissioner", new PasswordToken("gordonrocks"));
  client.securityOperations().changeUserAuthorizations("commissioner", auths);
  client.securityOperations().grantTablePermission("commissioner", "GothamPD", TablePermission.READ);
```

2. The [Mutation] API allows you to set the `secretId` visibility on a column. Find the proper method for setting a column visibility in
the Mutation API and modify the code so the `colVis` variable created above secures the "name" columns.

3. Build and run.  What data do you see? 
* You should see all of the data except the secret identities of Batman and Robin. This is because the `Scanner` was created from the root user which doesn't have the `secretId` authorization. 
* Replace the `Authorizations.EMPTY` in the `Scanner` with the `auths` variable created above and run it again. 
* This should result in an error since the root user doesn't have the authorizations we tried to pass to the `Scanner`.

4. Use the following to create a client for the "commissioner" using the [Accumulo] entry point.
```java
try (AccumuloClient commishClient = Accumulo.newClient().from(client.properties())

>     .as("commissioner", "gordonrocks").build()){};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .as("commissioner", "gordonrocks").build()) {
  // your code here
}
```
